Your task is to reverse engineer trading protocol of Skannerz, 2003 electronic toy made by Radica.

These toys allow scanning barcodes and capture and battle monsters. One the features is trading
with friend by connecting the devices together. The connection is three pins:

PIN 1 = Clock/Data
PIN 2 = GND
PIN 3 = Clock/Data

What is known so far is that devices have a special handshake, where they both output clock on one PIN
and handshake on another. Once in a while the clock stops and it is assumed that the device listens for another
devices handshake. If it's heard, it flips the connection around, so that both device use same PIN for clock and 
data.

After this the trading happens. Here is the trading flow from users perspective:

- Devices flash "Link", waiting for connection and trade mode
- Both connected and trade, devices show "Ok!"
- Both select monster that is traded to other
- Each other sees the incoming monster (image and HP)
- Each select "Accept" or "Do not accept", shows "Ok!" when selected.
- Trade completes, monsters exchange and trading mode closes

I've captured data of the previous trading process using logic analyzer. I used sample rate of 200 kHz.

I traded monsters from devices to each other:

Device 1 monster: ID: 002, HP: 3
Device 2 monster: ID: 018, HP: 1

Note that the device do not possibly need more information than that to complete the trade. Other
monster data they know by themselves or it can be derived from this information. There is 138 monsters
in Skannerz and maximum HP is 99.

Previous research indicates that the protocol is some kind of SPI variant that uses following settings:

CPOL=1 (idle high)
CPHA=0 (sample on falling edge)

trade.csv contains this raw capture as CSV file. Each column represents one logic analyzer channel (from 0-3). In this setup
devices agree after handshake that channel 0 and 3 (PIN2) is data and channel 1 and 2 (PIN 1) is clock.
Note that this is raw data, so you need to read it based on the protocol settings. The file is very large, do not even try
to read it at once, you have to find the relevant parts your self.

You are complete when you have complete picture of how the trading happens and have produced so good documentation
that one of the devices can be replaced with any MCU than can bit bang the same procotol. The second new device
should be able to send any monster with any HP value. Create living documentation that you update as you go and not as a final phase.


